you know this one Debbie ocean convicted
felon her brother Danny ocean more
convicted felon she was present on the
night of the incident
so now we would like to present you all
with a hypothetical situation
not very unless we screw up it's called
the Doosan it's over 6 pounds of
diamonds valued at over 100 million
dollars one hundred and fifty billion
adequately we are going to rob it great
to see you
look recently incarcerated that was
exactly these are all Russians they're
hackers
I don't know hackers who aren't Russian
no there's barely any rush you two on a
case
do you want me to set up a meeting yes
how long would it take you to make seven
pieces of jewelry every six hours how
long if I told you you didn't have to
look with your mother anymore
it's need the money for DNA yeah can
anyone really be overqualified this is
the Met Gala after gala the Met Gala the
gala don't sleep don't sleep because she
might disappear Zhanna
Oh week is paektu met security system
hey prison I'm going to be ready before
not necessarily police coming
on
[Music]
hey blue steel man they're just not
translating watch folks in Z what's
happening
oh wait wait wait wait wait every time
you really have to start from surprise
what you do but turn it on
[Music]
rated pg-13 only beaters June 8th
you